About this space
Spend your time in New York City relaxing in a chic studio in the heart of one of New York’s coolest neighborhoods. The arty, laid back ridge is your go-to, hidden away on the ever-eclectic (and noticeably less touristy) Lower East Side. Enjoy the breathtaking skyline views from our rooftop and the commodity of our communal kitchen and work-space basement. The small but comfortable and chicly designed units will make you feel right at home and provide everything you need for any kind of stay.
The space
Did you know that most hotels charge an average of $35 on daily and hidden fees for services you never use? The ridge is redefining the way lodging is done. We strive to make your stay safer, more efficient, and affordable. With our new operating model we were able to remove all hidden and resort fees so you only pay for what you need. With 24/7 virtual reception, faster and easier contactless express check-in and check-out, pre-arrival and post departure housekeeping, you won’t ever have to pay for daily amenities you don’t use.

This minimalist room keeps it simple but classy and with everything you need for a wonderful stay. Come back after a long day exploring the world’s most exiting city to enjoy a warm shower in our newly renovated bathrooms. After lay on our comfortable top of the line queen size bed and unwind as you watch some Cable TV or streaming services in our smart TVs. Share all the new cool photos with your loved ones via our high-speed WI-FI. Best of all, when you stay with us, you are not limited to the small space of the typical New York micro apartments. Here you can enjoy a meal or a drink at our beautiful rooftop terrace with some of the most amazing New York skyline views. You will also have access to our communal kitchen and work-space area where you can meet new friends and work on a larger environment.

The ridge will provide you with a 24/7 virtual reception that is ready to assist you with all your needs at any time. We provide you with a pristine clean unit filled with the essentials you need for your stay, and we make sure we leave it the same way when you leave. We will provide you with easy and safe express check-out and check-in, and all the tools you need for an amazing space.
Guest access
You will have access to your apartment, all communal areas, 24/7 virtual reception, and you will receive all of the essentials to get your trip started. Housekeeping during your stay is available for $35. You will have to call us to schedule this service.
Other things to note
Your room is cleaned and disinfected before your check-in and the same thing is done after you leave. There is no daily housekeeping or change of towels and sheets but we have housekeeping available for a fee if you would like us to come in and clean up for you.

**This is a multi-unit listing, meaning we have many of the same units in the building. All features and amenities are the same, but small aesthetics might differ such as art, wall color, etc.**

*** Upon booking guest will be required to fill out a registration form ***